# Meeting Minutes

## Meeting Information

**Meeting Date/Time:** April 19th, 2024, 6:00PM - 7:10PM
**Meeting Purpose:** Meet w/ TA, discussing project brainstorming research  
**Meeting Location:** Zoom  
**Note Taker:** Jason Ho

## Attendees

**Attended**:

- Manu Bhat
- Viann Perez
- Ekin Celik
- Angel Chavez
- Angelo Avanzado
- Suhaib Chowdhury
- Santiago Duque

**Missing**:

- Pranav Mehta
- Luis Pina
- Smruthi Gowtham

## Agenda Items

- **TA Introduction/Section**
- **Discuss potential secondary meeting times**
- **Clarification on contributing to repo**
- **Discussing team contract**
- **Generally how to tackle warm up calendar**
  - Individually, small teams? etc.
  - Which tools to use?
  - Specs?

## Discussion Items

- **TA Introduction/Section**
- **Discuss potential secondary meeting times**
  - Luis can't make friday meetings
  - Might not need a second meeting, just communicate well with those that don't attend
  - But prepare a time earlier in the week just in case that is a good time everyone can make it
- **Team Contract overview** (led by Manu)
  - Respond to pings, have notifications on
  - Meetings will take place 6-7pm fridays, a second meeting on tuesday, everyone facilitates at least once, everyone delivers regular progress updates, participate in meetings, communicate in special circumstances
  - Assume that *you must finish assignments 24 hours before the deadline* so that it is easier to coordinate, or communicate in special circumstances
  - Follow rules of development
  - Speak out about doubts, open platform, don't be afraid to ask questions
  - Conflict resolution: Discuss things peacefully, don't dismiss others' ideas, be communicative and open
  - Expectations of faculty
- **Clarification on contributing to repo**
  - Everyone has permissions to push directly to main repo, but when it comes to coding/program related things, submit pull requests.
- **Generally how to tackle warm up calendar**
  - Split up into three teams, each team handles making one widget, and each has similarly leveled skills so everyone gets good amount of experience
  - Have prototype done by meeting tuesday meeting
  - Teams assign who does what in each team, teams come together to research, plan, design, then split off and develop
  - Sentiment widget: Angel, Viann, Santiago, Pranav
  - Calendar widget: Ekin, Manu, Suhaib
  - Task list widget: Jason, Angelo, Luis
  - [Document for widget planning and design, intro to development guidelnes and conventions](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1zQPdJeiyDaJnBsWTtaGERfGIPKmQeLUQRRtKlsj2jl0/edit?usp=sharing)

## Action Items

### Current

- [ ] **Each widget team**:
  - Due: 04/23/2024
  - Create group DM in the slack
  - Develop prototype of widget on respective branches
- [ ] **Manu**:
  - DUE: ASAP
  - Create new repo
- [ ] **Everyone**:
  - DUE: ASAP
  - Join new repo
- [ ] **Viann**
  - Prepare for next meeting

## Other Notes & Information

Still need to meet TA
